Replace some native token with bridge in docs (#1017)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: docs/developer-guides/bridge-and-reserve.md

# Native token bridge and reserve management

## Overview

The bridge functionality allows to register movement of designated native token (minting policy of it is controlled by users) to the bridge (also called Illiquid Circulation Supply Validator).

> The Illiquid Circulation Supply Validator locks native tokens and prevent moving them out of the bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Illiquid Circulation Supply Validator locks native tokens and prevents moving them out of the bridge.
```

> For operational resons (coin selection problem), system allows to create special UTXOs with special native token, that also can not be moved out of the bridge
> and has to be a single token per UTXO. This ensures that at the bridge there is at least as many UTXOs as was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For operational reasons (coin selection problem), the system allows setting a minimum number of UTXOs that should always be present at the bridge address, by creating UTXOs that contain a special token. The validator ensures that this token can not be moved out of the address and any UTXOs there can only contain one token each.
```

Additionally to the bridge there is the Reserve mechanism.

> Reserve is setup up by governance authority with some amount of designated native tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reserve is set up by the governance authority with some amount of designated native tokens.
```

### 1.2 Configuring the token release schedule

The release schedule is required if the reserve feature is used.

#### 1.2.1 Implementing V(t) release function

**Understanding the `VFunction`:**

- The `VFunction` policy defines the schedule of allowed reserve token movement from the reserve supply to the circulating supply over time

> - `VFunction` is a minting policy. Offchain code will apply `ScriptContext` with the validity interval `[T, infinity]`, where `T` is the current timestamp.

Reviewer: Surely you mean `[T, infinity)`

> - The `VFunction` should allow to mint at most the maximum number of tokens that are allowed to be released from the reserve until `T`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `VFunction` should allow the minting of at most the maximum number of tokens that are permitted to be released from the reserve until `T`.
```

Reviewer: `the minting` -> `minting`. I don't think the `the` should be there.
